rule of 72
proprietorship, general partner, limited partner, what is corporation
if start business, lender will want you to gaurantee the loan
part A, B, D of social security + how paid for
know what benefits are of ss + medicare
SS + employment pension based on taxable income
whats the most important factor in credit socre
when you make extra payment, where do you want that money to go
prepaid card
what is variable rate of interest 
what is go-to rate of interest
minimum criteria for credit score?
legal limit on interest?
if you pay credit on time will that lower score
credit reporting agencies will track you
prepaid vs gift card
3 major credit reporting agencies
what is default rate of interest
what is overlimit fee
credit card act for consumers

taxes
------
what is the tax free deduction of business income 20% tax deduction
what kinds of things can corps deduct for tax purposes
earned income vs unearned income
tax avoidance vs tax evasion
can u buy municipal bonds in diff state that are free from federal and local gov
if interest go up will bonds go down in value
SALT include residential taxes. what is standard deduction 
what is w4
estate vs inheritance tax.
IPO + long short term capital gain
managing IRA stuff must be by you or can hire someone else
mutual funds- dont want to buy them at end of year until after distribution have been paid
single most important factor in terms of stock future increase
P/E ratio
dollar cost averaging 
closed end mutual fund vs open end mutual f
how are corporate earnings usually expressed
difference between financial advisor vs fiduciary
(better call saul!)
what is vesting
types of vesting 100%, cliff,graded
what does trading on margin mean
which has lower expense ETF or mutual fund
REIT is a way to invest in real est8
taxed as ordinary income
what is equity in terms of stocks
if you think the market is risky, just hold cash
what is above average dividend

bonds
------
current yield, yield to maturity, yields
premium vs discount what this means.
are bonds good to own during high inflation

how many credit reports is lender goign ot get when apply for house
what is a short sale
what is notary public
what is escrow account
why important to get _- insurance
when you own a house, what is ur equity
how does gvt subsidize home ownership by allowing tax deduction for certain items
what is general policy that homeowners cover
it is a legal contract - rental agreement
what does homeowners insurance  not ccover
if youre sngle and live in house for 2-5 years how much profit do you get from selling the house
if youre married ... 
purchase a condo, same benefit as if you purchased a house
increase cost basis for tax basis or decrease - if you fix house
is maintenance on your primary residence tax deductible
only real estate gives u opportunity to use leverage
when you own a house, have to pay property tax/insurance. big or negligble cost?
the more/less cash you put in down payment, does loan interest go up or down
if you sell 6-9 month house, is that long or short term cap gain
if youre buyinng a house and taking out a loan, will lender charge interest on highest or lowest credit score
what is benchmark home loan
what is fixd r8 home loan
what is adjustable r8 home loan
what cause default on home loan
what is priv mortage insurance & when required
what is second mortage
sometime prepay interest and they will charge point(1% of the loan)
if house is sold, how is 1st /2nd mortgage holder distributed
are real estate commissions set by real estate department or are negotiable?
how do you title the property 
major things covered in home owners insurance.
biggest reasons home owners refinance a hhome
does home owners insurance cover living expenses
what is rapid rescore
equity loans and equity lines of credit blah blah must be paid off beforoe sell
what are lenders looking for(gross income for you), what multiple will they tend to lend you
what is the % of total debt payment inclding homr loans
what is negative amortization on home loan

IRA/401K
----------
wash sales(buy stock and it goes down and buy down you cant take L until wait 30 days)
what if you do in IRA/401K because its sheltered.. doesnt APPLY!
who can contribute to your 401K plan 
what is define benefit pension plan
whats the max you can contribute to traditional ira + tax deductible
if you take money out of trad IRA is that money taxable? roth IRA?
